Dad wants this.
Lottery ticket what do you want this for
You liar
Dad, just buy one.
What if you win 100 million?
What a billion
Daydream
Lao Tzu has been studying lottery for so many years
A few thousand bucks at most
Is it just that he didn't see that kind of lottery walking chart?
Shao Ceremony has a 100 million grand prize number today
It happens to be my birthday.
In this life, I must take my father to win the grand prize
The boss has a lottery ticket of 10 yuan
Kids can't buy lottery tickets
Dad pays
Brother listen to brother's advice
Lotteries are not so easy to win
It's okay, I'm happy
Just this number for my birthday, okay?
Hey, you got it
If this is lost
Your 100 million is definitely gone.
We will definitely protect it.
Don't worry about it.
What does the little fish say?
Must be rude
Sorry, it's alright.
With this lottery ticket
Dad, your life took off from here
Now announce the winning numbers of this issue's two-color ball
The winning number of this issue is 200209131407.
They won the lottery.
Bonus of 100 million